Added MOD_LIST_MAP environment variable (#545)
factoriotools/factorio-docker: README.md

| USERNAME             | factorio.com username                                                |                | 0.17+        |
| CONSOLE_LOG_LOCATION | Saves the console log to the specifies location                      |                |              |
| DLC_SPACE_AGE        | Enables or disables the mods for DLC Space Age in mod-list.json[^1]  | true           | 2.0.8+       |

> | MOD_LIST_MAP         | String map of mod names to enable[^2]                                |                | 2.0.14+      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| MOD_LIST         | Space seperated list of mod names to enable[^2]                                |                | 2.0.14+      |
```
